Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m
going to explain an American survival film
called “Frozen,” Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
The movie begins at a New England ski resort on
Mount Holliston. Three friends namely; Dan Walker,
Joe Lynch, and Dan's girlfriend Parker O'Neil
have come to the mountains for a ski trip. Dan
and Joe are childhood best friends who go on a ski
trip every year as a tradition. Most of the time,
Joe flirts with a female ski lift operator to get
cheaper tickets, but this time, a man stands in
her place. The guys make Parker flirt with the
operator and get them cheap tickets. While she
is at it, Joe complains about Dan bringing his
girlfriend to a boys-only trip. It is evident he
is not very fond of Parker. She doesn’t even know
how to ski, so Joe thinks it wouldn’t be as fun.
Dan apologizes saying that he thought bringing her
would be okay because they would get to bond.
They finally get on the ski lift and
set off for the top of the mountain.
On their way, Joe criticizes Parker for smoking
too much, making Parker throw an insult back at
him. Dan is in the middle of the two trying
to handle the situation. All of a sudden,
the lift stops working. People riding them
complain in frustration. Parker acts calm
but is scared of heights. Joe makes fun of her for
it while Dan tries to console her. Eventually, the
lift continues working, and they reach the top.
While skiing, Dan and Joe are unable to have fun
because of Parker being slow. She falls down
every few minutes, annoying Joe even more.
At night they are back from the mountain and
are staying in a resort. The boys talk over
pizza about the failed trip. Joe suggests the
two of them catch the last lift to the hilltop
and ski like they used to before. Parker overhears
their conversation and apologizes for ruining
their trip. Dan feels bad for her, so he asks her
to join them again. Parker wants to stay in their
room saying she doesn’t enjoy skiing anyway, but
Dan insists. So, the three of them re-pack their
gears and make their way to the lift. Just as they
reach there, the operator turns the lifts off. He
is the same man who Parker had flirted with to get
the tickets. The group asks him to let them go one
last time, but the man laughs at them, saying they
didn’t pay the full price even the first time.
Moreover, the lift is closing because of a
storm so they cannot resume it. The operator
is absolute about not letting them go but accepts
when they offer him extra hundred dollars.
The group sets off on the lift, looking at
the people below skiing excitedly. Meanwhile,
a co-worker approaches the lift operator and tells
him about the next week’s schedule. The operator
retaliates, saying that he will be off work at
his brother’s wedding the next week. He leaves
the co-worker at the lift to talk to the manager.
Before leaving, he informs him that three people
are still on the lift, so he shouldn’t stop it
until they come back. A while after the operator
leaves, the man sees three people climbing
up the mountain. He assumes that the people
are the ones the operator was talking about and
stops the lift, unaware that Dan, Joe, and Parker
are still on it. At first, when the lift stops,
the group thinks it is just a minor inconvenience.
Joe yells in frustration, but everyone at
the lift station has already left. Moreover,
the temperature is dropping by the second,
making the group shiver in the cold despite
being warmly dressed. They talk about worse
ways they could die to keep them entertained,
unknown to what is coming for them.
They stay there for a few minutes but start to
panic when the lights go out. Now, they know that
the lift didn’t stop because of a malfunction,
but someone has stopped it
deliberately. They start to yell,
hoping someone will hear them. Parker freaks
out, saying that no one knows that they’re here,
but Dan believes that the lift stopped because
of some power outage, and they will be rescued
soon. The couple begins to argue in a moment
of panic. Parker suddenly remembers that it is
Sunday, and the ski resort won’t open until next
Friday. So, if no one comes looking for them,
they will be stuck for almost a week. The
friends tell one another that they will be okay,
but panic is visible in their faces.
Sometime later, Joe has to pee, but with
no other way, he puts the metal bar up and pees
off the lift. Parker groans in disgust while Dan
stays quiet. Then suddenly, it starts to snow. The
storm that the operator warned them about hits,
adding to the group’s trouble. Some time
later, a snowplow drives towards them,
making the group wave and yell to get the driver’s
attention. The driver finally stops the vehicle
right below the group. They are relieved to
be rescued finally. But it turns out that man
hasn’t heard or seen them and he stopped simply
because of the snowstorm. He calls his superior,
who tells him to come back quickly. So, the
man turns his vehicle around while the group
screams at him to stop. Unfortunately,
he cannot hear them because of the storm.
They throw their skiing gears at the man, but he
doesn’t notice them and eventually leaves.
Some time later, Parker takes her gloves off to
smoke, but it accidentally falls off the lift.
Now, the only way out for the group is for one
of them to jump. Dan volunteers to do it and
believes he will be fine since the ground
is covered in snow. Joe tries to stop him,
saying that they should wait till the morning,
but Dan is adamant. Parker and Joe both repeatedly
insist he quit, however, Dan throws his snowboard
to the ground and jumps off the lift. Immediately
after he hits the ground, both of his legs are
broken. The other two ask him if he is okay,
but he only hears mumbling for a few seconds.
Dan is horrified to see bones protruding through
both of his knees. Now, there is no way he
can make it down the mountain to get help.
Parker throws her scarf at him so he can use it to
stop the bleeding, but it lands on top of a tree.
Joe then makes a ball out of his
scarf and throws it at his friend.
It lands nearby, but the bone protrudes out
even more, when Dan tries to reach it.
After tying it around his legs, Dan asks Joe
to pull himself up on the suspension cable
and get to the nearest support tower. The towers
all have ladders in them, using which Joe can go
downstairs. Joe hesitates, claiming that he can
hardly do a pull up, but agrees to do it for his
best friend. Just then, they hear growling nearby.
A pack of wolves have smelled the scent of Dan’s
blood and are approaching his way. Dan freaks out
and yells for help, inviting the wolves even more.
Joe gets on top of the lift but slips back into it
because of the icicles. Just then, a wolf appears
right in front of Dan and growls at him. Dan stays
frozen, scared to do anything. Parker throws her
snowboard at the animal and makes it go away.
However, soon, he is surrounded by a whole pack of
them. Dan realizes there is no way he can survive
now. He asks Joe not to let Parker look down while
the animals surround him. Joe holds Parker’s face
while crying as the creatures devour Dan.
Some time later, everything goes silent. The only
noise that can be heard is the howling of wolves
in the distance. Parker blames Joe for asking Dan
to jump earlier. Joe defends himself, claiming
that he begged him not to. They get into an
argument and start to blame one another for Dan’s
death. In the end, they hold each other and cry.
The night somehow passes as the two fall asleep.
Parker wakes up in the morning with her hand
around the metal bar which she had grabbed when
asleep. She tries to remove it, but her hand
is frozen along with the bar. She painfully
loosens her grip as the skin on her palm tears
off. The two have severe frostbites and cannot
survive another day in the lift. Joe suggests
he try getting to the support tower again,
but Parker wants them to wait for a few hours
and see if someone comes looking for them.
A while later, Joe falls asleep, and
Parker embarrassingly pees on herself
while crying. When he wakes up, the two talk
about different things in their life; Joe tells
her how he and Dan met at elementary school. He
claims that since Joe died trying to save them,
they shouldn't let his death go to waste.
Joe then gets on top of their seat again
to try to make it to a support tower. This time,
the icicles have melted, making it easier for him
to move forward. However, as he steps on the seat,
a screw of the bolt holding the chair to the cable
becomes dangerously loose, making the chair rock.
He somehow manages to get to the other chair, but
his palms are bloodied because of the cable.
Joe still doesn’t give up and climbs up to the
support tower while a single wolf waits for
them in the ground. Parker throws her ski pole
to the ground to help Joe fight the wolf when
he reaches there. He then finally climbs down,
only to be attacked by the animal. However, he
gets his hands on the pole and manages to get it
off him. He quickly puts on the snowboard
and skis down the mountain. Right behind,
a pack of wolves follows him. Parker asks him to
be careful as he disappears into the mountain.
Now, she is alone in the cold, waiting for Joe
to return with help. However, hours pass by,
but Joe doesn’t come back. Parker knows that
the wolves must have gotten to him, but she
still hopes for his safety. She stays there till
the following morning, but he doesn’t return.
Parker then moves around the seat, making the bolt
move more aggressively. Eventually, the seat falls
to the ground and lands right on top of her legs,
breaking them. Parker composes herself and crawls
downhill on the snow. After a while, she comes
across the horrifying scene of Joe’s remains.
Before she can react, Parker notices a wolf
in the front. But since the creature is full
after devouring Joe, it doesn’t attack her. Parker
somehow makes it to the side of the road and lies
there waiting for help. Eventually, a person
brings her in their car and drives away.
Subscribe for more videos like
this, turn on notifications,
and leave a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.